>> Brian Holt: Let's move
on to deferred values.
>> Brian Holt: So I'm going to get out
of here, I'm gonna get into deferred,
and I'm gonna run npm install,
and I'm going to code, and
then I think that'll just reuse the one,
yeah, instead of making a new one.
You would think I used to work there.
Okay, so what if you have
computationally expensive things
that need to re-render really,
really frequently?
If you don't do something about it,
you're gonna get something called jank.
We've talked quite a bit about
jank in the course of this course.
I'm gonna give you another tool called
UseDeferredValue that allows you to say,
this is going to re-render a lot, and
then it'll settle for a little bit.
Don't try and re-render every single
intermediary, wait until this,
basically settles, and then re-render it.
This is called UseDeferredValue.
So, I find that this one is really useful
for when you give users sliders, right?
So you give them a slider to move up and
down and it changes something.
If you're trying to re-render every single
time that the value changes on a slider,
those change several times a millisecond
if a user is just sliding it all the way
across.
And if it's expensive to react
to those sliders changing,
then you don't wanna do that.
So the idea that came to me was
like an image editor, right?
So if I'm sliding like this, something
across, and then I'm changing the blur,
or the brightness of it, I don't wanna be
trying to re-render every single time,
because on an old browser, that would
be really bad, even on new browsers,
that could be pretty bad.
Despite that fact, I actually still had
to introduce artificial jank because my
browser was still fast
enough to keep up with it.
It's frustrating how good
these things are, right?
It makes my job hard, so thanks Mozilla.
Still if you're on an older computer,
this actually still might
be janky enough for you.
But if you were doing something like real
image interpolation with like image magic
through WebAssembly, I imagine that
probably would be janky enough for you.
So let's go and get this done.
The other thing that's really cool about
UseDeferredValue, you could do something
like debouncing or throttling, it can
never keep straight, which is which.
The problem with trying to do with that
approach is you are now throttling
the entire experience for everybody,
be it slow device or fast device.
What's really cool about UseDeferredValue,
it's using the React
scheduler underneath it.
And so it's just basically saying, if
the React scheduler hasn't finished yet,
then just like, cancel this re-render
cycle and then go to the next one.
But if it does finish,
then it does do the re-render.
And so what's cool about that is
slow devices will be very throttled,
which is good.
And fast devices will still see
a lot of intermediary frames,
which is good cuz it
makes it feel responsive.
>> Brian Holt: Or like another example,
this is like, if you put your phone on low
battery mode, it throttles the CPU,
I don't know if everyone knows that.
But like, if you're on low battery mode,
your browser will render
significantly less frequently.
And so, by using UseDeferredValue,
instead of trying to build this yourself,
you get to take advantage of all these
different things that would be super hard
to contextually take advantage.
But because of how React has structured
this, I find it actually quite ingenious.